README.md, before:

# GoldenKafka

This is just a wrapper around [DeliveryBoy](https://github.com/zendesk/delivery_boy) that ensures any events pushed into Kafka follow Goldbelly's guidelines.

**Note:** ENV vars should still be prefixed using `DELIVERY_BOY_`.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'golden_kafka'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install golden_kafka

## Usage

Add your first topic to: `config/golden_kafka.yml`

```yml
events:
  com.example.topic:
    dataschema: "v1"
    source: "earth"
    type: "new"
```

You can add any values you want to be used as default values. These can be overridden once the event is created.

Now create and push an event into your new topic:

```ruby
# Init event using template
event = GoldenKafka::Event.new "com.example.topic", source: "my_app", type: "created"
event.data = { key: "value" }
event.time = Time.now

# Push event into Kafka
GoldenKafka.deliver event
```

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `bundle exec rspec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, create a new tag, and push it to Github.

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/goldbely/golden_kafka. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the GoldenKafka project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/goldbely/golden_kafka/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Commit message:

Updated README to match new serializer attr on events.

README.md, after:

# GoldenKafka

This is just a wrapper around [DeliveryBoy](https://github.com/zendesk/delivery_boy) that ensures any events pushed into Kafka follow Goldbelly's guidelines.

**Note:** ENV vars should still be prefixed using `DELIVERY_BOY_`.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'golden_kafka'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install golden_kafka

## Usage

Add your first topic to: `config/golden_kafka.yml`

```yml
events:
  com.example.topic:
    dataschema: "v1"
    source: "earth"
    type: "new"
```

You can add any values you want to be used as default values. These can be overridden once the event is created.

Now create and push an event into your new topic:

```ruby
# Init event using template

# Important note:
# Starting on v2.0.0, Event requires an extra parameter: `serializer`. The serializer is used to serialize the message before pushing them to Kafka.

event = GoldenKafka::Event.new "com.example.topic", MySerializer
event.data = { key: "value" }
event.source = "my_app"
event.time = Time.now
event.type = "created"

# Push event into Kafka
GoldenKafka.deliver event
```

## Serializers
Serializers must implement an initializer that receives the event attributes and a `to_json` method. For example:
```ruby
class MySerializer
  def initialize event_attributes
    # do something
  end

  def to_json( opts = nil )
    # return json representation of attrs
  end
end
```

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `bundle exec rspec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, create a new tag, and push it to Github.

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/goldbely/golden_kafka. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the GoldenKafka project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/goldbely/golden_kafka/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
